Manuel it was long ago it's loaded out
as a long day we got lost on the way
here me and guys riding with me God he
would miss hot laps barely got here to
qualify and went out 12 quick which
wasn't great start you're pretty deep
missed it through the heat race come
through to be and then we started pretty
concerted 11th in the future and luckily
the car was manic law was really good I
think running the be actually helped us
a ton but man car was good we found
something down on this sand against that
ledge nobody was really using and that
was I was kind of where we made all our
ground was awful for against that last a
little bit of curb yeah yeah I mean we
mark works all the time he's a working
machine and he works all day long and
then comes the races and he'll be back
at work tomorrow morning at six or seven
in the morning whatever time he gets up
i'm not up to see it but so we did there
late a lot of times and we just settled
his fall today but me and me and
actually his son took a little detour on
accident but yeah it's unfortunate for
brian that sucks i mean he had that
thing one until we got that yellow we
were coming around for the checkered and
got a yellow and that happened to me
here last year so I know I know how it
feels well congratulations man you sat
gave you the flag your first one
congratulations yeah yeah man had to
might have steal my metal from some kid
he was you'll come up one of my metal on
my man he I get another one you can have
it but I got to keep the first one
thanks Philip enter the how great this
race car is
it's a it's awesome I think it's a kind
of showed itself these first two nights
only one that's been able to be just as
you set themselves so we're Mike touch
one veteran everybody on the cars been
fantastic and you know most the time we
have a night like tonight your you're
down and out at spring week but we
definitely have the the car and the
power to dig out of this hole and that
we just plan on winning the rest of them
and talk about that half laughs we came
up short tonight the battle up front
between you Darwin Connell you know you
and darling back and forth with sliders
you would win them back
talk about that race yeah it was awesome
I think so far tru trac wives were 2 for
2 both of them have kind of hit it out
of the park and then that's what in the
end of spring weeks about is his guys
going to the nail and back and forth and
you know sliders clearing only by
quarter of an inch that's all it takes
and I think there's a lot of
back-and-forth racing without a lot of
touching tonight up front and had it
been fun to watch it was fun from where
I was and you know I was hoping to come
out and see that come around four and
see the checkered instead of the yellow
there at the end but I guess that's
racin